So now let's look at the one to many relationship.
And this is probably the most common relationship you'll see between two tables in the database.
So what is a one to many relationship.
Well a one to many relationship is where our primary care of one table can be in multiple rows of data
as a foreign key in another table.
So let's take a look at an example here.
So from our coffee store database we had our customers table on an Orders table and obviously a customer
can place many orders over many days as they like so they can come into the store multiple days order
multiple orders.
But one particular order can only relate to one customer.
So this is known as one to many relationship.
So the customer can place many orders by a particular order can only be related to one customer.
So the customers and orders table share are one to many relationship and you can see that represented
in the diagram between the two tables.
So saying one customer can place many orders by a particular order ID can only be associated to one
customer.
So if you like the ID field in the Customers table would show up many times in the Orders table was
a customer id foreign key but the primary key in the Orders table will only relate to one customer.
And we know this because each new row in the Orders table will have a unique order ID.
So this is what we mean by one to many relationships and databases and it's the most common type of
relationship between tables.
But you will come across.
So now let's move on to the many to many relationship.